Readme.md, before:

# Pyrinas: for Particle Xenon using nRF SDK v16

This repository is a scaffold that anyone can use to get started with the nRF52 DK.
Currently the only board definition available is for the Particle Xenon.

## Install (Mac OSX Only)

**Note:** want to add your platform? Pull requests are appreciated! :)

1. Clone this repository into a folder on your machine. `git clone https://github.com/pyrinas-iot/pyrinas-os.git`
1. Change directories to `pyrinas-os`
1. Run `make setup`. This will download and extract a copy of the toolchain, and SDK.
1. For a first time startup, you'll have to run `make gen_key`. This key is used for secure DFU.

## Other setup

You should update two variables in the main `Makefile`:

`PROG_SERIAL` - change this to the serial of your Jlink programmer.

To get your serial number, run `jlinkexe` and you should see the output:

```
$ jlinkexe
SEGGER J-Link Commander V6.60c (Compiled Dec 23 2019 16:16:43)
DLL version V6.60c, compiled Dec 23 2019 16:16:28

Connecting to J-Link via USB...O.K.
Firmware: J-Link OB-SAM3U128-V2-NordicSemi compiled Jan  7 2019 14:07:15
Hardware version: V1.00
S/N: <YOUR SERIAL HERE>
License(s): RDI, FlashBP, FlashDL, JFlash, GDB
VTref=3.300V


Type "connect" to establish a target connection, '?' for help
```

Look for `S/N:` and you should see your serial!


1. `APP_FILENAME` - should match the name of your app. Make it something memorable!

## Building

`make build` will build your code
`make merge` will merge your code as one hex file. This includes the Softdevice
`make flash_softdevice` will flash the softdevice.
`make flash` will flash your app, bootloader and settings.

**Note:** on a fresh board, you should run `make erase`, `make flash_softdevice` then `make flash`

## Debugging

[ ] TODO: update this.

In order to debug a central and peripheral mode device at the same time you have to define `PROG_SERIAL`
and `PROG_PORT` in your app's Makefile. If you only have one programmer, you will not be able to simultaneously debug.

To simultaneously debug, make sure that `PROG_PORT` is set to different values for each app you have. (Good port numbers
are 19020, 19021, etc)

Then, run these in two separate windows. You do not need to view them.

```
make debug
make rtt
```

Open a pair of windows for each project you want see debug out put for.

## Uninstalling Toolchain or SDK

1. Run `make sdk_clean` for the SDK
1. Run `make toolchain_clean` for the Toolchain

Both options will remove the respective directories.

## Adding a project.

For more information on how to start your own project with Pyrinas,
[check out the template repository.](https://github.com/pyrinas-iot/pyrinas-template)

## What's in the pipeline?

[All future tasks are located here.](https://github.com/pyrinas-iot/pyrinas-os/projects/1)

Commit message:

Adding note about make toolchain_clean and sdk_clean.

Readme.md, after:

# Pyrinas: for Particle Xenon using nRF SDK v16

This repository is a scaffold that anyone can use to get started with the nRF52 DK.
Currently the only board definition available is for the Particle Xenon.

## Install (Mac OSX Only)

**Note:** want to add your platform? Pull requests are appreciated! :)

1. Clone this repository into a folder on your machine. `git clone https://github.com/pyrinas-iot/pyrinas-os.git`
1. Change directories to `pyrinas-os`
1. Run `make setup`. This will download and extract a copy of the toolchain, and SDK.
1. For a first time startup, you'll have to run `make gen_key`. This key is used for secure DFU.

*Note* if `make setup` fails at any point, you can always run `make toolchain_clean` and `make sdk_clean` and then re-run `make setup`

## Other setup

You should update two variables in the main `Makefile`:

`PROG_SERIAL` - change this to the serial of your Jlink programmer.

To get your serial number, run `jlinkexe` and you should see the output:

```
$ jlinkexe
SEGGER J-Link Commander V6.60c (Compiled Dec 23 2019 16:16:43)
DLL version V6.60c, compiled Dec 23 2019 16:16:28

Connecting to J-Link via USB...O.K.
Firmware: J-Link OB-SAM3U128-V2-NordicSemi compiled Jan  7 2019 14:07:15
Hardware version: V1.00
S/N: <YOUR SERIAL HERE>
License(s): RDI, FlashBP, FlashDL, JFlash, GDB
VTref=3.300V


Type "connect" to establish a target connection, '?' for help
```

Look for `S/N:` and you should see your serial!


1. `APP_FILENAME` - should match the name of your app. Make it something memorable!

## Building

`make build` will build your code
`make merge` will merge your code as one hex file. This includes the Softdevice
`make flash_softdevice` will flash the softdevice.
`make flash` will flash your app, bootloader and settings.

**Note:** on a fresh board, you should run `make erase`, `make flash_softdevice` then `make flash`

## Debugging

[ ] TODO: update this.

In order to debug a central and peripheral mode device at the same time you have to define `PROG_SERIAL`
and `PROG_PORT` in your app's Makefile. If you only have one programmer, you will not be able to simultaneously debug.

To simultaneously debug, make sure that `PROG_PORT` is set to different values for each app you have. (Good port numbers
are 19020, 19021, etc)

Then, run these in two separate windows. You do not need to view them.

```
make debug
make rtt
```

Open a pair of windows for each project you want see debug out put for.

## Uninstalling Toolchain or SDK

1. Run `make sdk_clean` for the SDK
1. Run `make toolchain_clean` for the Toolchain

Both options will remove the respective directories.

## Adding a project.

For more information on how to start your own project with Pyrinas,
[check out the template repository.](https://github.com/pyrinas-iot/pyrinas-template)

## What's in the pipeline?

[All future tasks are located here.](https://github.com/pyrinas-iot/pyrinas-os/projects/1)
